and finally came out a new minecraft
maynkavt 15 175 he literally went
yesterday February 26, 2000 14 years here and I
I managed to download it but there is such
chip
Generally what news in this minecraft
Now I will describe to you first improved
server performance that is on
server on gray
On server damn much easier schA became
play here but here 152 of who do not see
on the server it became much faster
I play so poked like a little bit
improved but the main thing here
added mini games minecraft 1 5 2
but there is a big minus he mini-games
added not for all countries I live
Russia and here under the button network
the game was supposed to appear another
minigame button
Well, unfortunately for Russia, I don’t have them
I know if for Ukraine Kazakhstan and
Belarus in my main subscribers but
For other countries , I know that the United States
There is in Australia and Canada but still here
such western countries of Europe by him too
but in Russia, I think, too, will come somewhere
in a week or two so you can
try to play the link to
downloading this michroft i will give under
video description here I already poked on
created new worlds in general he for sure
the same as all the other mines and
the graphics have not changed anything all as
it remained so
where did the pumpkin come from
it seems also but maybe a little bit
it became faster I do not know but this is someone like
total minecraft 175 is the newest
version for today so review
even do anything because the mini-game
I do not have due to the fact that I do not find out
I think I can lead another country
change ip bonus can connect
no mini-games and although I don’t know for sure yet
I will follow the situation so
subscribe to the channel as soon as
This will be an opportunity to play mini
games
in on the server in Russia, I immediately
I publish it all the way what is mini
I will briefly describe you the games
when they saw the passage of the cards here
something like passing cards only
much smaller option that is there
there is one mini game where you must
shoot a crowd of zombies that are on you
runs from the spell enchanted
Well, like this but very cool thing
I saw her I thought a little bit even
Sorry as soon as I have
available link to download it all
it will be ok to post it on
my channel my name is a pipe hedgehog so
that subscribe put huskies and
dislikes i know it's sad i can't
I'll show you mini mini games
as soon as I have the opportunity
show all okay until long and successful
days of enjoyable play